release: v0.1.1 — wp.org submission prep (#37)
apermo/apermo-stash: readme.txt

Requires at least: 6.4
Tested up to: 6.9
Requires PHP: 8.1
Stable tag: 0.1.1
License: GPL-2.0-or-later
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Self-hosted bookmark archive with a token-protected REST API and a
companion Chrome extension.

== Description ==

LinkStash turns your WordPress site into a personal bookmark archive,

> inspired by [linkding](https://linkding.link/). Save URLs with a title,

Author: ```suggestion
inspired by 'linkding' and Delicious. Save URLs with a title,
```

Name Mention is enough.

Author: Done in 08469d4 — readme.txt now reads 'inspired by linkding and Delicious'.

`chrome-extension://...` origin, which is convenient for installing
the companion extension before you know its ID, but means any
installed Chrome extension on your browser could call the API if it
also has a valid Bearer token.

To restrict the allow-list to a specific extension after install,
add a snippet to your `mu-plugins/` folder or theme's functions.php:

    add_filter( 'linkstash_allowed_origins', static function () {
        return [ 'chrome-extension://abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzabcdef' ];
    } );

Replace the example ID with the actual ID shown on your `chrome://extensions`
page. The Bearer token is still required regardless; this is a
defense-in-depth narrowing of the CORS surface.

== Screenshots ==

1. Bookmark list screen with the URL / tags / visibility / favorite columns.
2. Bookmark edit screen with URL meta box and unreachable-URL warning.
3. Dashboard widget for one-click capture from anywhere in the admin.
4. Settings → LinkStash token settings page.
5. Companion Chrome extension popup saving the current tab.

== Changelog ==

= 0.1.1 =
* WordPress.org listing assets (banner, icon, screenshots) and an

>   expanded readme. No functional changes.

Author: Fixed in 08469d4 — replaced 'No functional changes' with the actual highlights (favorite refactor, starter tags, /check auth tightening, settings move, help tabs).
